Game of Words
================

Game of Words was created as part of the [GAMER work package](http://innovalangues.fr/realisations/ressources-ludiques/) in the Innovalangues IDEFI the Université de Grenoble, France. The first version of Game of Words was designed and developed by two students of linguistics in the Language Industries master's program, Chloé Cimpello and Justine Reverdy, for their end-of-study professional project.  Initially conceived for learners of French and with a few less fonctionnalities English, the content being generated by the users it can cover many other languages.

Rules
-------
Game of Words is an asynchronous guessing game, developed as a learning aid for foreign language learners.

The game has three roles to play : Oracle, Druid, and Diviner.
* As an Oracle the user must produce descriptions of words without using the forbidden words associated.
* As a Druid the user can create card form scratch, or arbitrate a description made by an Oracle to check if he didn't use forbbiden words.
* As a Diviner the user must find as quickly as possible the words that where meant to be find with the descriptions of the Oracle.

Requirements
-------------
* Apache Server with PHP 5.3+
* MySQL
* Firefox (or chrome)
* Javascript activated
* libavtools >= 9 (see INSTALL.md)

Contributors
--------------
* Design (in alphabetical order)
  * Pauline Ballot
  * Chloe Cimpello
  * Ada Gazidedja
  * Racha Hallal
  * Mathieu Loiseau
  * Vanessa Piccoli
  * Justine Reverdy
  * Virginie Zampa
* Code (in chronological order)
  * 1st iteration
    * Chloe Cimpello
    * Justine Reverdy
  * 2nd iteration
    * Maryam Nejat
    * David Graceffa
  * Patches
    * Arnaud Bey
    * Benjamin Abrial
    * Mathieu Loiseau
* Text and typos
  * Yoann Goudin
  * Haydée Silva
* Game “cards”
  * Cristina De Girolamo
  * John Kenwright
  * Triscia Biagiotti
  * Elena Tea
  * Pauline Ballot
  * Racha Hallal
  * Ada Gazidedja
  * Nadia Yassine-Diab
  * Mayra Alejandra Siordia García
* If you've been forgotten, please tell us…

Credits
--------
* ./style/default.css/imgs/info.svg by Dave Gandy (http://www.brandeps.com/icon/B/Bell-01)

Installation
------------
See INSTALL.md
